Hey, oops, oops.
Cavalry pussy
Did you chase after me?
No sign of the pursuers?
I'm exhausted.
What the hell is going on, damn it
Who started the fire?
If you let me know
I was skinned.
How many men do we have left?
Less than 50,000
100,000 guard
That's it.
Sophie, don't let me poke you and catch Sophie
Why can't I take my life anymore?
What do you know?
Do you think I have no backup?
The untouchables broke through Shucheng
You think you've won
But I don't know that you have fallen into my trap.
We lost the city
Why did he fall for it?
I only need to defend this city
Wait for the baby bird princess to rise in North County
When the time comes, give Sophie a stable catch
The general really has foresight
Subordinates admire
If you get less Liu Xu to shoot the horse
It's not just a partial general
Hahaha, the general's lesson is gone.
Pass the order down
All have business
To the Union Army for short